ferment mixed with commitment to castel di
sangro for the next opening of the
trout fishing up to nine quintals of
specimens of native making coming
from a certified beeper have been
introduced in the water auctions of the
sangro da river fishing reserve
castel di sangro villa scontrone e nei
territories of ateleta up to that
molisano of castel of the judge
we have 30 km of river so much
fishing spinning then the famous of the
famous spoon fishing as well as on
our channeled trait that just before
we have finished sowing and also sowing
fishing at the touch and clearly provided
we have our section of the nook
preferred by people who practice
the activity of the Elysian catcher of the
famous fishing with release then in the
our waters
and ours and our river auctions
are available to many
fishermen who want to delight in the
his own playful activity for what
he is better able to fish with his head on
the president gasbarro the elderly members yes
prepare to welcome for the last
Sunday of February thousands of
sports fans in one of the
most famous rivers in Italy for the
environmental quality and value
of the brown trout the queen of the waters
clear and pristine river
sangro
it is not easy to find clean water
not polluted like ours ours
they are certified certified waters
from the region to the province at the level
Italian we had gods
acknowledgments and therefore come
attracted many fishermen just for
this reason for nature for everything
what surrounds us is clearly
we try to offer the best product
possible
we have around 400 members who all
days frequent our river
then we also have those people
that for the distance you see they go
on our rivers Saturday and Sunday
Monday
we really have a lot of choice
our river takes
and honors what our people are
territories of the high sangro